doc = """
This is a vignette study for the project "Repugnance and Inequality"
Participants go through the following pages:
1. Demographics
2. Instructions
3. Comprehension checks
4. Attention check 1.

Then they move to Part I: Vignettes first order beliefs. 
Here each participant sees 4 vignettes in a random order.
    Each vignette has 2 versions and participants first see the first or
    second versions of the 4 vignettes depending on their treatment
    And then the other version of the 4 vignettes.
An example order:
5. Introductio nto Part I: First order beliefs. 
6. Vignette 1 (version depending on treatment) repugnance measures
7. Vignette 2 (version depending on treatment) repugnance measures
8. Vignette 3 (version depending on treatment) repugnance measures
9. Vignette 4 (version depending on treatment) repugnance measures
10. Vignette 1 (the other version) repugnance measures
11. Vignette 2 (the other version) repugnance measures
12. Vignette 3 (the other version) repugnance measures
13. Vignette 4 (the other version) repugnance measures
14. Attention check 2

Then they move to Part I: Second order beliefs.
Where participants see the vignettes again but this time they give us their second order beliefs.
Here we employ a conjoined design.
 - Note: the reason we do not employ a conjoined design in part I is the worry of experimenter demand effect. 
   In the second part since we are incentivizing subjects, this worry is not as strong as an issue.
An example randomized order:
15. Introduction to Part II.Second order beliefs.
16. Vignette 1 both versions double-conjoined. Second-order belief measures.
17. Vignette 2 both versions double-conjoined. Second-order belief measures.
18. Vignette 3 both versions double-conjoined. Second-order belief measures.
19. Vignette 4 both versions double-conjoined. Second-order belief measures.

After this participants move to "Part II.Repugnance of potential lab experiments". Here participants judge the repugnance of 
some hypothetical lab experiment transactions:
20. Introduction to Part II.Repugnance of potential lab experiments
21. Lab experiment transaction 1
22. Lab experiment transaction 2
23. Lab experiment transaction 3
24. Lab experiment transaction 4 etc.

Part III: Survey about participants confidence in their answers etc.
Part IV: PILOT ONLY.
"""